All right so last time we stopped here where we have exactly one record that went into bad records we're
going to go to the control flow and disable this and will save our project.
And now let's go have a look at this row.
There we are in uploaded files.
Now we go to analysis exclude Rose.
Open this up here.
We can see this is the row that got X and from here you can't really tell what happened.
Right.
Let's go and find our original file.
So in our prepared Datto we have an original which we didn't touch with Excel.
So we know it's pretty much the same as the original.
Let's look for this customer number and we know that like we can just check that it is unique in this
case.
This one specifically is unique.
So this is the row that we're talking about.
And what do we see here.
So here there obviously is four values instead of three.
How did that come to be.
Well if you look over here after the car you've got 118 semicon.
0 1.
So instead of a Daut is got a semi-colon and that is the problem.
This throw the delimiter on the delimiter.
The decimal point got replaced somehow got replaced with a semi-colon and that shifted everything to
the right.
And so this is the value that we're after for 2016 not this value.
And that's going to be reflected in our sum.
In fact we're going to get back to this later when we are calculating the some because it has been excluded
from the results.
So let's close that off and now let's proceed to Microsoft Asgill Server Management Studio.
All right so let's refresh our tables.
And where is our table there vehicle sales.
2015 0 9 12.
So now let's change that into a working table so far we have found one error.
Right.
So why Sosias why this process.
We found one error out of five and we've actually even explained how it came to be because there was
a semi-colon instead of a decimal point.
We've got four left.
Four more arrows left and then we have to check the sum.
So let's go to functions are stored procedures create a new stored procedure.
What are you going to call this one vehicle service what are you going to call this one.
So right away here we're going to change this to create a 5.
Well that's right where we have this one.
So we're going to create this bridge to get rid of this first bit.
And here we're going to just rename it.
And in fact we're just going to take table name press control age and replace all.
OK that's good.
Now we can create it at 5.
Good.
Now we have to change that back to alter a five working good.
Now scroll down to the bottom the date for the table is 2015 or 9 12.
That's enough.
Let's put that in there.
Execute.
That's right.
Well it's not ready because we've got to fix up some stuff here.
Right.
Let's.
That's fine.
Let's create the table.
So if we select top thousand rows from our row table and then drag it here and then make some more room
this way we have the column names so let's copy the column names here into our create table like that
give it a row number
and then maybe put a comma here.
And now we just need to give these the correct types customer IDs going to be a bar char not an integer
customer.
Since that's going to be a date vehicle is going to be a bar Chaar hundred should be enough.
Then 2014 is going to be a float.
So the revenue for 2014 this is a float.
This is a float.
This ideally should be empty because we excluded that row that got shifted so we don't actually NEED
this where we can check here or we can just go where right column is not equal to.
So here you can see that they're all kind of empty so we'll just check that were column 6 is not equal
to empty.
If we run that there's no results so we don't even need a need that column 6 in our table.
Okay.
Then we can get rid of this all right.
So we run this table has been created truncate table good and then insert into we can just copy these
since we didn't change the names.
We can just copy these here.
Now we want to select the same values from our role vehicle service.
We don't want to do any converts at this stage because we're imply relying on the implicit conversion
.
All right so what I'll do here is if I run this by itself by clicking a five Iran's fine.
Yeah.
So this should select the one million rows no problem.
But the thing is somewhere here there might be errors.
Right.
And so how do we pick them up.
Will we pick them up through these types who say set types for our table and we've already created it
.
And so now when we insert into this table the implicit conversion will try to convert all of these rows
which are currently as text into the correct types and all tell us if there's any problems.
So let's highlight that and execute
and what do we have.
There is a million rows so even a secure all takes takes a bit of time sometimes.
And there we go error converting data type bartók to flow.
So there is an error somewhere and we know that it was the first one that came across as a VAR char
or a textfield was being converted to float and we know that we have three floats in here these three
right.
So how do we find where that error is.
Well we already know how to do that.
We just have to basically go select right star from where and then just check these one by one so where
this is not say is in America
and let's say it equals zero so that means it's not numeric.
So if we execute that you get a lot right you get a lot of browser Y because there's empty rows for
customers who weren't with the company in 2014.
So we've got to exclude those who will say and 2014.
This column is not equal to an empty value.
So we don't want to look at that we want to look at everything that's not numeric but the ones that
are empty.
As a kid that seems to be fine.
So it's not 2014 that's a problem.
Let's do 15 exit kids.
Aha.
Look what we found.
So here we've got a row where there's a dollar sign somewhere in the middle of the valley in fact looks
like it's instead of the decimal point.
All right.
We don't really have to find out whether what the correct value is here because that's not crucial to
us.
What is crucial is that some of this column.
Not this cold but we know that this looks like an error.
So we need to now take this and put it in here as a condition so we need to say we need the opposite
of what we're saying here.
So we'll do that.
Where is numeric.
2015 is equal to 1.
Right.
So it is a numeric value.
And 2015.
So how do we say the opposite of all of this where this is equal to 1 or 2015 is equal to just that
.
So basically what that means is that here we've got easy is equal to zero or is not equal to empty.
And then you've got an and if you take the opposite of that then this becomes opposite.
This becomes the opposite.
And this becomes the opposite too.
And so that's all.
Final verdict and let's let's check this out.
So if we truncate table and run that let's see if we get any more errors.
Well we have to also remember that we excluded this ROE.
And yep there we go.
And this is where you'll see that it's important to say how many Euros so here we can see right away
that this two rose missing.
Now I will just say here exclusions
one row is unnecessary one row suit here so that's the second area that we've picked up the hope that
in 2015 one of the rows there was a dollar sign instead of a decimal point or something just a dollar
signs somewhere inside the value which shouldn't be there.
OK that's good.
But we also have to say
just for ourselves excluded Roe.
So when we're checking the some we know what the exit row was.
All right.
So this one just copy this text this code here.
That's that part.
So we've done two or five errors is three more somewhere and three more because we haven't picked them
up so far.
The last thing I we still haven't done is the additional quality assurance checks.
So things like dates other conditions and other logical things so.
So I'm going to pause the video again and we'll continue in the next tutorial with these additional
checks.
I look forward to seeing you next time